The sequencer always check from the T3 window is set. if the t3 is set, it assumes all below conditions are met and executed.

first it checks whether the t3 window is set, if it set. The sequencer will exit the program, because that is the end.

if it is not, it checks whether the t2 window is set.if it is yes- it checks whether the GUID_START flag is already send. if it is no - it checks for the control flag is send or not. if it is no - check whether it is time to send the Control flag.

the time to send the control flag at the specified time window the time window is - if t2 is set - that means if the roll rate is less or equal to that of 2 rps. that means its time to set the t2 window- the timing delay to send the control flag is t2 + a delay the logic to check whether to check its time to send the dap flag is current time > the time to send dap flag (for eg current time is 18 minor cycles> the window time that is defined + delay , 18>25- then it will exit it). at the next minor cycle count it will be 19>25 , at some point the minor cycle count will 27>25 this satisifies the condition. this is just an example...then it will send set control flag- then it check its time to send the guidance start flag- the condition to send GUID_START flag is after control flag is send. it checks the current time is larger than the specified time to send the guidance flag if it is yes it will send the GUID_START flag and exit

if the T2 window set condition is met and guid start is already send (the sequencer has to check this), if it is yes it check whether it is t3 window out time ,the logic to check whether the t3 is window is out is- current time>t3windowout. if the t3 window is out, that means T3 is set and and it will send flag to enable the Proximity Sensor and exit the flow and in enter again in the next minor cycle. if t3 window out is false, checks for t3 window in, if yes, it checks t_go from guidance is less than t_proximity.if yes set t3 and enable proximity sensor. else exit. if t3 window in is not happened then exit

lets assume here, that all the above t3 set conditions are met, it checks whether the t3 is set, and it is no. it checks whether the T2 is set. and if it is a no, it checks whether T1 is set ,

if the conditions to set the T1 window is met. it checks whether the FSA flag is already send. the no condition is - it checks for the time window to send the FSA flag the logic to check that is current time > time to send the fsa flag, - if it is a yes , it sends the FSA flag and increment that FSA flag is already send, and there is no need to send the flag again. when intially if the FSA flag is already send ,then it checks whether the canards flag is already send - if it is a no - it check whether the canard flag is set and then if it is no , check whether it is time time to check canard flag is current time > time to send canard if the condition satisifies- send the canard flag and note that canard flag is already send. if the condition is not met. check whether the t2 window is out - the logic to check window out is current time > t2window out time - if it is no it checks whether it is t2 window in - the logic to check whether it is t2 window is current time > t2 window in time, it if is no. it exits and enter the next cycle. if it is yes it check for roll rate less than or equal to 2 rps if it yes, increment count, . check if count = 3, if yes set t2. if it fails it resets the counter and check again in next minor cycle, until the condition is met, then t2 is set and it will exit

if t1 is not set it will check whether the T0 is set, the TO time starts when gswitch is active and obc is reset, if it is no it will exit, it it is yes it will check whether the t1 window is out ,the logic for checking the window is current time > t1 window out if it is yes, it will set T1 and exit. if it is not window out , it will check whether it is window in the logic for this is current time > T1 window in if it is no ,it exit and enter another cycle and if it is yes it will check the roll rate is less than or equal to 7rps , increment count, . check if count = 3, if yes set t1. if it fails it resets the counter and check again in next minor cycle, until the condition is met, then t1 is set and it will exit

C:\Users\SPACELABS\Desktop\Projects\ISA Flight Software\test\guidance\guidance old c code in this folder there is the code for guidance, this code directly converted from matlab code to C simulation code. we have to make it misra c and flight software standards. make it ready for development we have to make 2 files first flight software testing module guidance guidance.c and guidance.h and a testing simulation harness guidance_test.c .. tell me how to acheive this., you give me tnhe code in parts and explain it to me each parts i will copy paste or type it. if you have any questions ask me yes or no questions

2. use this from test/guidance/guidance old c code/ ..
3. it should be flight software ready isolated module. in later we can link each modules.
4. old approach is fine

just refactor code in test\guidance\guidance old c code to my requirements the code in test/sequencer is done in flightsoftware standards
